Adapt Ubuntu deployment examples to rolling (#948)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/partials/depl-examples/ubuntu-compose/shared-setup.adoc

* `...DNS problem: NXDOMAIN looking up A for...` +
This points to a DNS resolution problem. Check if the domains entered in the DNS and in the `.env` file match. Note that when using wildcard domains on the DNS, the fixed part must match on both sides.

> Whenever you have at this stage a DNS issue or you have used the Letsencrypt staging environment, you will face follow-up issues on a consecutive compose start because the certificate volume now holds invalid data. Therefore, the `cert` volume needs to be deleted:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a DNS issue at this stage or you have used the Letsencrypt staging environment, you will face follow-up issues on a consecutive compose start because the certificate volume now holds invalid data. Therefore, the `cert` volume needs to be deleted:
```

IMO it reads better using "If", and put "at this stage" back where it was.

docker compose down
----

For safty reasons, *do not* add the `-v` (volumes) flag to the command as that would delete all volumes including their data. In case deleting volumes is necessary, deleting them selectively is the preferred method, see the section above for an example.

== Change Settings
 

> To change settings via the `.env` file, the compose setup must be in down state. See the section above for how to do so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change settings via the `.env` file, the compose setup must be in the down state. See the section above for how to do so.
```

docker compose down
----

> For safty reasons, *do not* add the `-v` (volumes) flag to the command as that would delete all volumes including their data. In case deleting volumes is necessary, deleting them selectively is the preferred method, see the section above for an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For safety reasons, *do not* add the `-v` (volumes) flag to the command as that would delete all volumes including their data. If deleting volumes is necessary, deleting them selectively is the preferred method, see the section above for an example.
```

To change the admin password from the command line, which you can do at any time, follow the guide described in xref:deployment/general/general-info.adoc#password-reset-for-the-admin-user[Password Reset for the Admin User].

== Updating

ifeval::["{version-type}" == "rolling"]
Note that this deploymment can, for the time being, only be updated within Infinite Scale rolling releases.
endif::[]

> If new Infinite Scale releases are available, you *must not* skip any version in between the current running an the latest available release for internal upgrade reasons. All versions need to be downloaded and started one time. For more details see the https://owncloud.dev/ocis/release_roadmap/#updating-and-overlap[Updating and Overlap] description in the developer documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If new Infinite Scale releases are available, you *must not* skip any version in between the current running and the latest available release for internal upgrade reasons. All versions need to be downloaded and started one time. For more details see the https://owncloud.dev/ocis/release_roadmap/#updating-and-overlap[Updating and Overlap] description in the developer documentation.
```

To change the admin password from the command line, which you can do at any time, follow the guide described in xref:deployment/general/general-info.adoc#password-reset-for-the-admin-user[Password Reset for the Admin User].

== Volume Migration

> This section gives some guidance if you want to migrate the Infinite Scale docker internal volumes to docker volumes using a local path. This can be required like to separate the container from its data or if a high data volume is expected. See additional documentation in the xref:deployment/tips/useful_mount_tip.adoc[Start a Service After a Resource is Mounted] if you want to use network mounts like NFS or iSCSI for the data directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section gives some guidance if you want to migrate the Infinite Scale docker internal volumes to docker volumes using a local path. For example, this can be required to separate the container from its data or if a high data volume is expected. See additional documentation in the xref:deployment/tips/useful_mount_tip.adoc[Start a Service After a Resource is Mounted] if you want to use network mounts like NFS or iSCSI for the data directory.
```

* Prepare two directories which will provide the mount point for Infinite Scale `data` and `config`. +
The example will use the local path `/mnt/data` and `mnt/config`, adapt according your environment.

> * For the following steps, the compose setup _must be_ in `up` state, the containers must provide a container ID for copying.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For the following steps, the compose setup _must be_ in the `up` state, the containers must provide a container ID for copying.
```

> ** Stop the running instance. By doing so, the instance gets stopped but containers are not removed compared when downing it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Stop the running instance. By doing so, the instance gets stopped but containers are not removed compared to when downing it:
```

The "up" and "down" commands are causing us to manufacture words like "downing". But I suppose that is OK for a technical document. Otherwise, we have to write many more words each time. So I think we keep using "downing" (and I suppose "upping the instance" will be written somewhere also).

Author: As long we don't _drown_ the container... 😅

+
[source,bash]
----
docker compose stop
----

** Get the `ocis` container ID using one of the xref:container[maintenance - Container] commands.

** Copy both the content of the docker internal `ocis-config` and `ocis-data` volume to their new local location by issuing the following commands, replace `<CONTAINER ID>` accordingly:
+
[source,bash]
----
docker cp <CONTAINER ID>:/etc/ocis/. /mnt/config
docker cp <CONTAINER ID>:/var/lib/ocis/. /mnt/data
----

> ** Change the ownership of the new source folders recursively. This step is _very important_ because the user inside the container is `1000` and will mostly not match the user who copied:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Change the ownership of the new source folders recursively. This step is _very important_ because the user inside the container is `1000` and will mostly not match the user who copied the folders:
```

+
[source,bash]
----
chown -R 1000:1000 /mnt/config /mnt/data
----

* Down the compose instance by issuing:
+
[source,bash]
----
docker compose down
----

** In the `.env` file, set the paths:
+
[source,.env]
----
OCIS_DATA_DIR=/mnt/data
OCIS_CONFIG_DIR=/mnt/config
----

* Bring the compose environment `up` with:
+
[source,bash]
----
docker compose up
----

> ** If the containers come up without reporting issues, you have successfully moved your Infinte Scale docker internal volumes to local paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** If the containers come up without reporting issues, you have successfully moved your Infinite Scale docker internal volumes to local paths.
```
